Create release notes for Kyma 1.22 (#709)
kyma-project/website: content/blog-posts/2021-04-22-release-notes-1.22/index.md

---
title: "Kyma 1.22 Cappadocia"
author:
  name: "Aleksandra Simeonova, Technical Writer @Kyma"
tags:
  - release-notes
type: release
releaseTag: "1.22.0"
redirectFrom:
  - "/blog/release-notes-122"
---

Hoşgeldiniz!
We are leaving Western Europe this month and heading to the beautiful city of Cappadocia in Central Turkey. This region has a very rich history beginning as early as the Bronze age. It is famous for the magical-looking Fairy Chimneys: massive rock formations caused by volcanic eruptions. In the tall vertical rocks, visitors can find houses and temples carved thousands of years ago. Today, hot-air ballooning is popular in Cappadocia, often adding to its other-worldly appearance as the colorfull aircraft rise above the Fairy Chimneys at sunrise. Let's embark on our own journey now and explore the horizons of Kyma 1.22.

<!-- overview -->

See the overview of all changes in this release:

> - [Installation ](#installation) - Istio upgrade to 1.9.1, ORY charts update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Installation ](#installation) - Istio upgrade to 1.9.1, ORY charts update
```

- [Other](#other) - Inclusive language

## Installation

### Istio upgrade to 1.9.1

> With this release, we have upgraded Istio from 1.8.2 to 1.9.1. You can find more details in the [Istio 1.9.1 release notes](https://istio.io/latest/news/releases/1.9.x/announcing-1.9/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, we upgraded Istio from 1.8.2 to 1.9.1. You can find more details in the [Istio 1.9.1 release notes](https://istio.io/latest/news/releases/1.9.x/announcing-1.9/).
```

### ORY charts update

> In Kyma 1.22, ORY charts are updated to latest versions from ORY repositories. These charts are not a direct copy because of many customizations and extensions specific for Kyma. The main changes as a result of this update are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kyma 1.22, ORY charts were updated to the latest versions from ORY repositories. These charts are not a direct copy because of many customizations and extensions specific to Kyma. The main changes resulting from this update are:
```

> - The Hydra chart is updated to version 0.5.5, Hydra version 1.8.5. Find more details in the [Hydra 1.8.5 release](https://github.com/ory/hydra/releases/tag/v1.8.5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Hydra chart was updated to version 0.5.5, Hydra version 1.8.5. Find more details in the [Hydra 1.8.5 release](https://github.com/ory/hydra/releases/tag/v1.8.5).
```

> - The Oathkeeper chart is updated to version 0.5.7, Oathkeeper version v0.38.9-beta.1. Find more details in the [Oathkeeper v0.38-9-beta.1 release notes](https://github.com/ory/oathkeeper/releases/tag/v0.38.9-beta.1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Oathkeeper chart was updated to version 0.5.7, Oathkeeper version v0.38.9-beta.1. Find more details in the [Oathkeeper v0.38-9-beta.1 release notes](https://github.com/ory/oathkeeper/releases/tag/v0.38.9-beta.1).
```

> - Hydra-Maester and Oathkeeper-Maester charts are updated accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hydra-Maester and Oathkeeper-Maester charts were updated accordingly.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if "accordingly" is clear.

> The update also caused important changes in Hydra autoscaling (HPA) overrides. The ORY charts now provide a more recent and configurable set of overrides. Existing overrides defined in the `hpa.hydra` entry are replaced by a configuration defined in `hydra.deployment.autoscaling`. Take a look at the [values.yaml](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/release-1.22/resources/ory/charts/hydra/values.yaml) file for a default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The update also caused important changes in Hydra autoscaling (HPA) overrides. The ORY charts now provide a more recent and configurable set of overrides. Existing overrides defined in the `hpa.hydra` entry were replaced by a configuration defined in `hydra.deployment.autoscaling`. Take a look at the [`values.yaml`](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/release-1.22/resources/ory/charts/hydra/values.yaml) file for a default configuration.
```

## Other

### Inclusive language

>  Following [good practices from GitHub](https://github.com/github/renaming), we have adjusted our repos to use more inclusive language and got rid of such phrases as "whitelist", "blacklist", and "slave" wherever possible. We also renamed the `master` branches into `main` in the following repos:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following [good practices from GitHub](https://github.com/github/renaming), we have adjusted our repos to use more inclusive language and got rid of such phrases as "whitelist", "blacklist", and "slave" wherever possible. We also renamed the `master` branches into `main` in the following repos:
```

> Following [good practices from GitHub](https://github.com/github/renaming), we have adjusted our repos to use more inclusive language and got rid of such phrases as "whitelist", "blacklist", and "slave" wherever possible. We also renamed the `master` branches into `main` in the following repos:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Following [good practices from GitHub](https://github.com/github/renaming), we have adjusted our repos to use more inclusive language and got rid of phrases such as "whitelist", "blacklist", and "slave" wherever possible. We also renamed the `master` branches to `main` in the following repos:
```

---
title: "Kyma 1.22 Cappadocia"
author:
  name: "Aleksandra Simeonova, Technical Writer @Kyma"
tags:
  - release-notes
type: release
releaseTag: "1.22.0"
redirectFrom:
  - "/blog/release-notes-122"
---

Hoşgeldiniz!

> We are leaving Western Europe this month and heading to the beautiful city of Cappadocia in Central Turkey. This region has a very rich history beginning as early as the Bronze age. It is famous for the magical-looking Fairy Chimneys, massive rock formations caused by volcanic eruptions. In the tall vertical rocks, visitors can find houses and temples carved thousands of years ago. Today, hot-air ballooning is popular in Cappadocia, often adding to its other-worldly appearance as the colorful aircraft rise above the Fairy Chimneys at sunrise. Let's embark on our own journey now and explore the horizons of Kyma 1.22.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We are leaving Western Europe this month and heading to the beautiful Cappadocia in Central Turkey. This region has a very rich history beginning as early as the Bronze age. It is famous for the magical-looking Fairy Chimneys, massive rock formations caused by volcanic eruptions. In the tall vertical rocks, visitors can find houses and temples carved thousands of years ago. Today, hot-air ballooning is popular in Cappadocia, often adding to its other-worldly appearance as the colorful aircraft rise above the Fairy Chimneys at sunrise. Let's embark on our own journey now and explore the horizons of Kyma 1.22.
```

Reviewer 3: I'm pretty much sure Cappadocia is a region, not a city 🤔 [link to wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cappadocia)

<!-- overview -->

See the overview of all changes in this release:

- [Installation](#installation) - Istio upgrade to 1.9.1, ORY charts update

> - [CLI](#cli) - Option to deploy specific Kyma branch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [CLI](#cli) - Option to deploy a specific Kyma branch
```
Or just
```
- [CLI](#cli) - Deploying a specific Kyma branch
```

### ORY charts update

In Kyma 1.22, ORY charts were updated to the latest versions from ORY repositories. These charts are not a direct copy because of many customizations and extensions specific to Kyma. The main changes resulting from this update are:
- The Hydra chart was updated to version 0.5.5, Hydra version 1.8.5. Find more details in the [Hydra 1.8.5 release notes](https://github.com/ory/hydra/releases/tag/v1.8.5).
- The Oathkeeper chart was updated to version 0.5.7, Oathkeeper version v0.38.9-beta.1. Find more details in the [Oathkeeper v0.38-9-beta.1 release notes](https://github.com/ory/oathkeeper/releases/tag/v0.38.9-beta.1).
- Hydra-Maester and Oathkeeper-Maester charts were updated accordingly.

The update also caused important changes in Hydra autoscaling (HPA) overrides. The ORY charts now provide a more recent and configurable set of overrides. Existing overrides defined in the `hpa.hydra` entry were replaced by a configuration defined in `hydra.deployment.autoscaling`. Take a look at the [`values.yaml`](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/release-1.22/resources/ory/charts/hydra/values.yaml) file for a default configuration.

## CLI

> ### Option to deploy specific Kyma branch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Option to deploy a specific Kyma branch
```
Or just
```
- [CLI](#cli) - Deploying a specific Kyma branch
```
as above.

> ### Option to deploy specific Kyma branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option to deploy a specific Kyma branch
```

> Starting from this release, you can use the `kyma alpha deploy` command to specify any branch as a source to install or update Kyma. As before, you can choose the `main` branch, but now you can also deploy Kyma from any other branch of the official Kyma repository. You can find more details in the [CLI documentation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/cli/commands/#kyma-alpha-deploy-kyma-alpha-deploy).

Reviewer: I'm thinking if that's not a repetition of the previous sentence: `As before, you can choose the `main` branch, but now you can also deploy Kyma from any other branch of the official Kyma repository.`

## Other

### Inclusive language

> Following [good practices from GitHub](https://github.com/github/renaming), we have adjusted our repos to use more inclusive language and got rid of phrases such as "whitelist", "blacklist", and "slave" wherever possible. We also renamed the `master` branches to `main` in the following repos:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Following [good practices from GitHub](https://github.com/github/renaming), we adjusted our repositories to use more inclusive language and got rid of phrases such as "whitelist", "blacklist", and "slave" wherever possible. We also renamed the `master` branches to `main` in the following repositories:
```
